0.4.4 release notes (#2170)
Napari/napari: docs/release/release_0_4_4.md

# napari 0.4.4

We're happy to announce the release of napari 0.4.4!
napari is a fast, interactive, multi-dimensional image viewer for Python.
It's designed for browsing, annotating, and analyzing large multi-dimensional
images. It's built on top of Qt (for the GUI), vispy (for performant GPU-based
rendering), and the scientific Python stack (numpy, scipy).

For more information, examples, and documentation, please visit our website:
https://github.com/napari/napari

## Highlights
This release is a quick follow on from our `0.4.3` release and contains some nice improvements to the GUI and 
analysis function hookspecs we experimentally added in that release. We've expanded the API of the

> `napari_experimental_provide_dock_widget` to accept `magic_factory` decortated functions and callables that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`napari_experimental_provide_dock_widget` to accept new `magic_factory` decorated functions and callables that
```
